For some reason IBM suspended our account — according to my contact at IBM this should be resolved soon — he was very apologetic — apparently we had “developerworks premium” and that has expired

I am working with them and this should be resolved soon

For now work on items that can be worked on without Bluemix

—

TESTING
So you can test directly, these are the flows that should work:

When End user to ReminderBot
An end user:
test 1: sends from text /// working 
test 2: sends from my chats // working 

Now check:
operators (for each test 1 and each test 2), check:
app minimized // done
app open to a page that should not be affected 
app open to a page that should be affected (i.e. stumped messages, list of phones)

Also check if browser and app are open at the same time:
browser (for each test 1 and each test 2), check:
browser open to a page that should not be affected as operator
browser open to a page that should be affected as operator (i.e. stumped messages, list of phones)
browser open to a page that should be affected as end user (i.e. my chats)

What are we checking for each case above?
We need to check if screens refresh automatically 
We need to check if screens refresh when we go to a page
We need to check push notifications - do they send…do they open to right page
Does 2nd push notification is sent?
Do push notification messages make sense?
We need to check if “roger is typing” appears

When ReminderBot operator responds to End user
operators send message to end user from stumped messages

end user: 
received text?

app:
if not on my chats
If in my chats

browser:
if not on my chats
If in my chats

We need to check if screens refresh automatically 
We need to check if screens refresh when we go to a page
No push notifications sent if operator to  // done
We need to check if “roger is typing” appears // done


—
Next
First name to appear (i.e. on edit of user record change…)
Finish websocket push stuff (i.e. don’t send to groups if…) - page expiration stuff
Pagination
Counts
Node/tree code



